Replit Instructions — Fix Listing Type Option Hover Tooltip (Must Show Immediately)
Expected Behavior

When the dropdown is open:

Hover Bidding Period → tooltip appears instantly (no delay)

Hover Traditional → tooltip appears instantly

Tooltip disappears on mouse out

Tooltip does not block selecting the option

SAFEGUARDS (MUST FOLLOW)

DO NOT:

change listing type values or stored enums

change bidding/traditional logic

change other tooltips across the app

change dropdown library globally

This is Listing Type option tooltip behavior only.

Step 1 — Attach tooltip to the rendered option row, not the <option>

Most dropdown libraries (Select2 / custom selects) do not hover <option> elements.
You must attach the tooltip to the element that appears in the dropdown list, usually:

Select2: .select2-results__option

React-Select: .react-select__option

Custom: <li> rows in the menu

✅ Fix:

Ensure the tooltip is created on the results list item element, not the <select><option>.

Step 2 — Initialize the tooltip AFTER the dropdown opens

Because the option rows are created dynamically, tooltips must be bound when the dropdown opens.

If using Select2

Add tooltip binding inside the select2:open event (Seller may be different; apply per flow but ideally shared):

Implementation requirements:

On select2:open, select the dropdown results container

Find each results option for “Bidding Period” and “Traditional”

Attach tooltip content

Set tooltip trigger to hover

Disable delay (show immediately)

✅ Must use:

delay: { show: 0, hide: 0 }

animation: false (if using Bootstrap tooltips)

container: 'body' to avoid clipping

boundary: 'window' to avoid offscreen issues

Important: also remove any title attributes that cause native tooltips to conflict.

Step 3 — Remove any tooltip delay / hover intent

If using Bootstrap tooltip or similar, defaults can add a delay or fade animation.

✅ Fix for Listing Type option tooltips:

Set delay: 0

Set animation: false

Set trigger: 'hover' (and focus if you want keyboard support)

This is what makes it “immediate.”

Step 4 — Fix z-index / clipping so it appears instantly and visibly

Tooltips sometimes “exist” but are hidden behind the dropdown or clipped.

✅ Fix:

Ensure tooltip is appended to body (container: 'body')

Confirm tooltip z-index is higher than dropdown menu (Select2 menus can be high)

Add CSS only if needed:

.tooltip { z-index: 99999 !important; }
(Do this only if you confirm tooltips are hidden.)

Step 5 — Add a small hover activation zone

Sometimes the option row is too thin or hover flickers.

✅ Fix:

Ensure the option row has normal padding and full-width hover hitbox (don’t change layout, just confirm it’s not display: inline).

Step 6 — Acceptance Testing Checklist

Test on all listing flows where Listing Type exists:

Buyer / Tenant / Landlord / Seller

Create listing

Edit listing

Draft reopen

Confirm:

Tooltip appears immediately on hover over each option

No delay

Tooltip doesn’t require “hovering and waiting”

Tooltip doesn’t block selecting the option

Tooltip doesn’t persist after selection

Common Root Cause (what to tell your dev)

“Tooltips must be bound on the dynamic dropdown list items created on open; binding to <option> won’t work.”