Use this exact Replit instruction block:

Fix Hire a Tenant Agent counter bid Offered Services so it only shows the exact services originally selected for that specific Tenant listing or original bid, not the full Tenant service library and not any fallback or merged service list.

Scope and safeguards:
Edit only the Hire a Tenant Agent counter bid flow and the exact files that render its Offered Services section.
Do not modify Seller, Buyer, or Landlord flows.
Do not change database schema.
Do not rename columns, JSON keys, models, relationships, routes, labels, or section titles.
Do not change listing creation logic.
Do not change original bid creation logic unless strictly necessary to load the already-saved selected services correctly.
Do not introduce any fallback that loads all Tenant services if selected services are missing.
If the saved selected services are empty, show a simple empty-state message instead of loading defaults.

Goal:
When a user opens a Tenant counter bid, the Offered Services section must show only the exact Tenant services already selected for that listing or original bid, in the same categories, same order, and same display format as the original Tenant listing or bid. It must not show extra unchecked services, unrelated services, or any unmapped/fallback service block.

What to inspect first:
Find the exact Livewire component, controller, helper, and Blade file used by the Hire a Tenant Agent counter bid screen.
Trace where the Offered Services data is being loaded for the counter bid.
Identify whether the current code is rebuilding the UI from a master Tenant service config, a merged array, or a fallback “all services” list.

Required fix:
Change the counter bid Offered Services loader so it uses only the saved selected services tied to that specific record.

Use the saved source of truth only, such as the existing saved offered services from:
counter bid first if applicable,
otherwise original bid,
otherwise listing,
using the actual existing field names already in the app.

Target logic pattern:
$this->offeredServices = $counterBid->offered_services
?? $originalBid->offered_services
?? $listing->offered_services
?? [];

Do not rename fields. Use the actual app field names.

Remove any logic that does any of the following for Tenant counter bids:
loads the full Tenant service library
merges selected services with all possible services
builds categories from config and then checks matching items
appends fallback or unmapped service groups
injects default Tenant services when the selected saved services are empty

If the current code loops through a master service list, replace it so the UI renders from the saved selected structure only.

Before rendering, filter out empty categories only, while preserving the original saved structure and order.
Do not rebuild the categories from scratch.
Do not alphabetize.
Do not reorder.
Do not flatten unless the saved structure already uses a flat format.

Blade/view requirement:
Make sure the Offered Services section loops only through the saved selected services variable for that counter bid.
It should not loop through all possible Tenant service categories.
It should not render any category that has no selected services.
It should not show any fallback section such as unmapped services, leftover services, all services, or defaults.

Display requirement:
Preserve the same category titles, checked items, spacing, and visual format used in the original Tenant listing or original Tenant bid display.
This should feel like an exact duplication of the selected services display, not a rewritten services form.

Empty-state rule:
If there are no saved offered services for that Tenant listing or original bid, show:
No offered services were selected for this listing.
Do not load any default or master service list.

Validation after fix:
Test a Tenant listing where only a handful of services were originally selected.
Confirm the counter bid shows only those selected services.
Confirm no extra Tenant services appear.
Confirm no Buyer, Seller, or Landlord services appear.
Confirm empty categories are hidden.
Confirm the category order and formatting match the original Tenant listing or bid.
Confirm no other role flows were changed.

Hard stop rule:
If the Offered Services data for the Tenant counter bid is coming from a shared cross-role helper, do not refactor the shared helper broadly.
Instead, add the smallest safe Tenant-only override in the Tenant counter bid flow so this fix stays isolated and does not risk breaking other roles.
