Replit Instructions — Conditional Hide of “Agent Bid Visibility Preference” (Traditional Only)
Applies to:

Hire a Tenant’s Agent

Hire a Buyer’s Agent

Hire a Seller’s Agent

Hire a Landlord’s Agent

Location:

Tab 1 → Listing Details

Requirement:

If user selects Listing Type = Traditional, then:

REMOVE (hide) the “Agent Bid Visibility Preference” field from the Listing Details tab UI.

If user selects Timed (or Auction/Timed, etc.), keep the field visible and working as-is.

CRITICAL SAFEGUARDS (READ + FOLLOW)

Do NOT delete database columns, migrations, models, API routes, controllers, form request validations, or enums.

Do NOT rename any existing fields or keys.

Do NOT remove the field globally. Only conditionally hide it when Listing Type = Traditional.

Do NOT modify any other tabs, layouts, tooltips, or listing types.

If the field is referenced elsewhere (bid display, admin, review screens), leave those references untouched.

Implement as a UI conditional render only (preferred), or a UI disable + hide (acceptable).

Ensure the change applies to all four listing flows and only Tab 1.

Implementation Instructions (UI Conditional Rendering)
Step 1 — Find the “Listing Type” control on Tab 1

In each flow’s Tab 1 component/template:

Locate the field that sets listing type (commonly values like: Traditional / Timed).

Add/confirm a boolean flag that represents whether listing is Traditional, e.g.:

isTraditional = listingType === "Traditional"

Do not change existing values—use the exact stored label/value currently used in the form.

Step 2 — Wrap “Agent Bid Visibility Preference” with a Traditional check

Locate the UI block for:

Label: Agent Bid Visibility Preference (or “Agent Bid Visibility Preference:*”)

Dropdown options:

“Agent bids will be visible to other Agents”

“Agent bids will remain private”

Conditionally render it ONLY when listing type is NOT Traditional:

Show it when listing type is Timed (or any non-Traditional type)

Hide it when listing type is Traditional

Expected behavior:

If Listing Type = Traditional → field is not visible at all

If Listing Type ≠ Traditional → field appears and behaves exactly the same as before

Step 3 — Safety: Don’t break submission if field is hidden

When Listing Type = Traditional:

Do not require agentBidVisibilityPreference (or whatever the internal key is) on submit.

If there is validation that forces this field, update validation logic to:

Require it only when Listing Type is NOT Traditional

Otherwise ignore it

Important: Do not remove validation globally—make it conditional.

Step 4 — Preserve existing saved values (do not overwrite)

If a user previously selected a visibility preference, and later switches listing type to Traditional:

Do not wipe/delete the saved value in the database.

Simply hide the field from UI while Traditional is selected.

If they switch back to Timed, the prior selection should still be there.

Where to Apply (All 4 Flows)

Repeat the same change in the Tab 1 “Listing Details” UI for:

Tenant listing create/edit

Buyer listing create/edit

Seller listing create/edit

Landlord listing create/edit

If these flows share a common component (recommended), implement once in the shared component so it stays consistent.

QA Checklist (Must Confirm)

Tenant → Tab 1 → set Traditional → Agent Bid Visibility Preference hidden

Tenant → Tab 1 → set Timed → field visible

Buyer → same

Seller → same

Landlord → same

No console errors

No blank tabs or missing content anywhere else

Existing listings that are Traditional do not show the field on Tab 1

Existing Timed listings still show the field and saved value