Replit Instructions — Match Listing Type Icon Blue to Other Field Icons
Goal

The Listing Type icon should use the same exact color as the other left-side field icons (example: the calendar icon in your screenshot).

Do NOT change tooltip behavior, dropdown behavior, or listing logic.

SAFEGUARDS (MUST FOLLOW)

DO NOT:

change any tooltip code

change any dropdown logic or values

change global icon colors across the site without verifying impact

hardcode a random hex color unless that is already your global standard

Fix should reuse the existing platform icon style.

Step 1 — Identify the global “field icon” class used by other fields

Find the icon markup for a field that is correct (like the date field/calendar icon).

Search in the rendered HTML / component for:

the calendar icon class (e.g., bi-calendar, fa-calendar, lucide-calendar)

its wrapper class (common patterns: input-group-text, icon-addon, field-icon, left-icon, prepend)

✅ Determine what provides the color:

a shared class like text-primary, text-info, icon-primary

a CSS rule like .input-group-text i { color: ... }

a theme variable

Step 2 — Make Listing Type use the SAME wrapper + same class

Right now Listing Type likely has a custom icon wrapper or an inline style (ex: style="color:#00BFFF"), which is why it doesn’t match.

✅ Fix:

Remove any Listing Type–specific icon color classes or inline style

Wrap the Listing Type icon in the same container structure used by other fields

Examples of what to align (conceptually):

If other fields use: input-group-prepend > input-group-text > i

Listing Type must use the same.

Step 3 — Remove any custom “blue” class from Listing Type icon

Look for anything like:

text-sky-500

text-blue-500

text-info

style="color: ..."

.listing-type-icon { color: ... }

✅ Remove those and let the global “field icon” styling apply.

Step 4 — If Listing Type MUST have its own selector, point it to the same token

If you can’t reuse the wrapper for some reason, then match the actual color token used globally.

✅ Best approach:

Find the CSS variable/class used for icon color (ex: --primary, --bs-primary, var(--theme-primary)).

Set Listing Type icon color to that same variable.

Example (only if needed, scoped to Listing Type):

.listing-type .field-icon { color: var(--bs-primary); }

(Use whatever your app’s existing variable is — don’t invent a new one.)

Step 5 — QA Checklist

Listing Type icon blue matches calendar icon blue exactly

Meeting Preferences and other icons stay unchanged

Tooltips still show immediately on hover for Bidding Period / Traditional

Selected value still displays correctly (no “Select” bug reintroduced)

Acceptance Criteria

✅ Listing Type icon color is identical to the other field icons
✅ No inline hardcoded color remains on Listing Type icon
✅ Tooltip + dropdown behavior unchanged